feat(curriculum): create Git quiz (#56426)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-git/66f1b06a5a5d10cc100af620.md

Developers

---

Administrators

---

Subscribers/Premium Users

#### --answer--

Everyone

### --question--

#### --text--

Why is using version control software a best practice for high performing software and DevOps teams?

#### --distractors--

A complete long-term change history of every file

---

Branching and merging

---

Traceability

#### --answer--

All of the options

### --question--

#### --text--

What are the main advantages of using sites like GitHub and GitLab?

#### --distractors--

They allow online shopping.

---

They are a social media platform for posting photos.

---

They only act as cloud storage for individual files.

#### --answer--

They provide version control and collaboration for code development.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which command would not display the current `git` version?

#### --distractors--

`git --version`

---

`git -v`

---

`git version`

#### --answer--

`git v`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which statement is true regarding encryption?

#### --distractors--

SSH keys cannot be used for encrypting data and communication.

---

Neither GPG keys nor SSH keys can be used for encrypting data and communication.

---

> Both GPG and SSH keys can be used for encrypting data and communication.

Reviewer: You actually *can* use SSH keys to encrypt and decrypt communication. It's janky, and not at all preferred, but doable.

### --question--

#### --text--

What command do you use to fetch changes from the remote repository?

#### --distractors--

`git get`

---

`git sync`

---

`git update`

#### --answer--

`git fetch`

### --question--

#### --text--

What should you add to your `.gitignore` to ignore all log files in your repository?

#### --distractors--

`log/*`

---

`logs/*.log`

---

`**/*.log`

#### --answer--

`*.log`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a common branching strategy for managing features in `git`?

#### --distractors--

Monolithic branching: A single central branch for all development work.

---

Single branching: A method where only one branch is used for all changes.

---

Nested branching: A branching strategy that creates branches within branches.

#### --answer--

Feature branching: A strategy where separate branches are created for each feature development.

### --question--

#### --text--

What happens if you encounter a conflict during a rebase?

#### --distractors--

The rebase automatically completes.

---

The changes are lost.

---

The rebase fails and cannot be retried.

#### --answer--

You must resolve the conflict before continuing the rebase.

>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
```
let's make it an empty line, no spaces

#### --text--

Who can use `git`?

#### --distractors--

Developers

---

Administrators

---

Subscribers/Premium Users

#### --answer--

Everyone

### --question--

#### --text--

Why is using version control software a best practice for high performing software and DevOps teams?

#### --distractors--

A complete long-term change history of every file

---

Branching and merging

---

Traceability

#### --answer--

All of the options

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the maximum storage capacity available for a public repository in GitHub and GitLab respectively?

#### --distractors--

Unlimited, 4GB

---

5GB, 10GB

---

5GB, Unlimited

#### --answer--

Unlimited, 5GB

### --question--

#### --text--

Which command would not display the current `git` version?

#### --distractors--

`git --version`

---

`git -v`

---

`git version`

#### --answer--

`git v`

### --question--

#### --text--

Choose the correct option:
Statement 1 - GPG keys can be used for encrypting data and communication.

> Statement 2 - SSH keys can be used for encrypting data and communication.

Reviewer 3: Instead of making kind of two-part question, I'd like more the _Which one is true?_ type question with these statements and mixed _can be used_, _can't be used_. 

This applies also to the other question using similar pattern.

#### --text--

You created a branch named `"alex"` for his work. Which command should you run to switch to that branch?

#### --distractors--

`git checkout`

---

`git checkout alex branch`

---

`git checkout -- alex`

#### --answer--

`git checkout alex`

### --question--

#### --text--

Choose the correct option:
Statement 1 - Team members can collaborate without affecting one another's contributions.
Statement 2 - Developers can submit changes without waiting for the project maintainer to merge them.

#### --distractors--

Statement 1

---

Statement 2

---

Neither statement 1 nor statement 2

#### --answer--

Both statement 1 and statement 2

### --question--

#### --text--

Where can a contributor make a pull request?

#### --distractors--

GitHub.com

---

GitHub Codespaces

---

GitHub Mobile

#### --answer--

All of the options

### --question--

#### --text--

Why are code reviews important?

#### --distractors--

Promoting secrecy among teams.

---

Keeping innovation private.

---

Decreasing effectiveness.

#### --answer--

Coaching new developers.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the file structure required for a GitHub Pages site?

#### --distractors--

> All files must be in a src folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All files must be in a `src` folder.
```

---

Only CSS files are allowed in the root.

---

JavaScript files cannot be included.

#### --answer--

HTML files should be in the root directory.

### --question--

#### --text--

> How do I troubleshoot a 404 error on my GitHub Pages site?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do you troubleshoot a 404 error on your GitHub Pages site?
```

#### --distractors--

Clear your browser cache.

---

Check if the correct branch is published.

---

Ensure the file names match the links exactly.

#### --answer--

All of the options.

### --question--

#### --text--

What command do you use to fetch changes from the remote repository?

#### --distractors--

`git pull`

---

`git sync`

---

`git update`

#### --answer--

`git fetch`

### --question--

#### --text--

> How do you ignore all log files in your repository?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What should you add to your `.gitignore` to ignore all log files in your repository?
```

#### --distractors--

`log/*`

---

`logs/*.log`

---

`**/*.log`

#### --answer--

`*.log`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a common branching strategy for managing features in `git`?

Reviewer 3: It might be better to use short description of strategies, rather than just _name_ in distractors and answer.

#### --distractors--

Monolithic branching

---

Single branching

---

Nested branching

#### --answer--

Feature branching

### --question--

#### --text--

What happens if you encounter a conflict during a rebase?

#### --distractors--

The rebase automatically completes.

---

The changes are lost.

---

The rebase fails and cannot be retried.

#### --answer--

> You must resolve the conflict before continuing the rebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must resolve the conflict before continuing the rebase.

```

Restore EOF new line

Reviewer 3: This wasn't addressed.

#### --text--

> Git is open to....?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Who can use `git`?
```

#### --distractors--

Developers

---

Administrators

---

Subscribers/Premium Users

#### --answer--

Everyone

### --question--

#### --text--

> Why using version control software is a best practice for high performing software and DevOps teams, due to...?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why is using version control software a best practice for high performing software and DevOps teams?
```

#### --distractors--

A complete long-term change history of every file

---

Branching and merging

---

Traceability

#### --answer--

All of the options

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the maximum storage capacity available for public repo in GitHub and GitLab respectively?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the maximum storage capacity available for a public repository in GitHub and GitLab respectively?
```

#### --distractors--

Unlimited, 4GB

---

5GB, 10GB

---

5GB, Unlimited

#### --answer--

Unlimited, 5GB

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which one is incorrect command to check the Git version?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which command would not display the current `git` version?
```

#### --distractors--

> git --version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git --version`
```

---

> git -v

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git -v`
```

---

> git version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git version`
```

#### --answer--

> git v

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git v`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Choose the correct option:
Statement 1 - GPG keys can be used for encrypting data and communication.
Statement 2 - SSH keys can be used for encrypting data and communication.

#### --distractors--

Statement 2

---

Neither statement 1 nor statement 2

---

Both statement 1 and statement 2

#### --answer--

Statement 1

### --question--

#### --text--

> A repository is a place where you can store shared code with....?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Who can you share a repository with?
```

#### --distractors--

Friends/classmates

---

Co-workers

---

Strangers

#### --answer--

All of the options

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the advantage of Repository?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the advantage of a `git` repository?
```

#### --distractors--

When we work on an open-source repository, it becomes easy to detract from the project.

---

By using GitHub or any other repository management tool, it’s easy to develop robust ignorance of the project.

---

Markdown allows you to use a simple text editor to write unformatted text documents.

#### --answer--

> The repositories that you create on GitHub or Bitbucket can also integrate with different CI/CD tools like Jenkins.	R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repositories that you create on GitHub or Bitbucket can also integrate with different CI/CD tools like Jenkins.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which push command is acceptable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which `push` command is correct?
```

#### --distractors--

> git push BRANCH-NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git push BRANCH-NAME`
```

---

> git push -r REMOTE-NAME BRANCH-NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git push -r REMOTE-NAME BRANCH-NAME`
```

---

> git push REMOTE-NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git push REMOTE-NAME`
```

#### --answer--

> git push REMOTE-NAME BRANCH-NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git push REMOTE-NAME BRANCH-NAME`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the correct way to contribute to other people's repositories?

#### --distractors--

> git add -> git commit -> git clone -> git push

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git add -> git commit -> git clone -> git push`
```

---

> git clone -> git commit -> git add -> git push

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git clone -> git commit -> git add -> git push`
```

---

None of the options

#### --answer--

> git clone -> git add -> git commit -> git push

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git clone -> git add -> git commit -> git push`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Git checkout works hand-in-hand with?

#### --distractors--

> git pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git pull`
```

---

> git push

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git push`
```

---

> git commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git commit`
```

#### --answer--

> git branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git branch`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Adam created a branch named "alex" for his work; which command should he execute in the terminal?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You created a branch named `"alex"` for his work. Which command should you run to switch to that branch?
```

#### --distractors--

> git checkout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git checkout`
```

---

> git checkout alex branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git checkout alex branch`
```

---

> git checkout -- alex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git checkout -- alex`
```

#### --answer--

> git checkout alex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git checkout alex`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Choose the correct option:
Statement 1 - 
Team members can collaborate without affecting one another's contributions.
Statement 2 - Developers can submit changes without waiting for the project maintainer to merge them.

#### --distractors--

Statement 1

---

Statement 2

---

Neither statement 1 nor statement 2

#### --answer--

Both statement 1 and statement 2

### --question--

#### --text--

> User can create pull requests on ....?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where can a contributor make a pull request?
```

#### --distractors--

GitHub.com

---

GitHub Codespaces

---

GitHub Mobile

#### --answer--

All of the options

### --question--

#### --text--

> What are the reasons Git code reviews are important?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why are code reviews important?
```

#### --distractors--

> Promoting secrecy among teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promoting secrecy among teams.
```

---

Keeping innovation private.

---

Decreasing effectiveness.

#### --answer--

Coaching new developers.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the file structure required for a GitHub Pages site?

#### --distractors--

All files must be in a src folder.

---

Only CSS files are allowed in the root.

---

JavaScript files cannot be included.

#### --answer--

HTML files should be in the root directory.

### --question--

#### --text--

How do I troubleshoot a 404 error on my GitHub Pages site?

#### --distractors--

Clear your browser cache.

---

Check if the correct branch is published.

---

Ensure the file names match the links exactly.

#### --answer--

All of the options.

### --question--

#### --text--

What command do you use to fetch changes from the remote repository?

#### --distractors--

> git pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git pull`
```

---

> git sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git sync`
```

---

> git update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git update`
```

#### --answer--

> git fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git fetch`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

How do you ignore all log files in your repository?

#### --distractors--

> log/*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`log/*`
```

---

> logs/*.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`logs/*.log`
```

---

> **/*.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`**/*.log`
```

#### --answer--

> *.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`*.log`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a common branching strategy for managing features in Git?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is a common branching strategy for managing features in `git`?
```
